Problem 12. Development Environments
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with popular development environments (IDEs) like Visual Studio.
Write in a text file called “list-of-IDEs.txt” at least five IDEs along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.

Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. It is used to develop console and graphical user interface applications, Windows Forms or WPF applications, web sites, web applications, web services, and also Windows Store apps in both native code together with managed code for all platforms supported by Microsoft Windows, Windows Mobile, Windows CE, .NET Framework, .NET Compact Framework and Microsoft Silverlight. Visual Studio supports different programming languages. Built-in languages include C/C++[5] (via Visual C++), VB.NET (via Visual Basic .NET), C# (via Visual C#), and F# (as of Visual Studio 2010[6]). Support for other languages such as M, Python, and Ruby among others is available via language services installed separately. It also supports XML/XSLT, HTML/XHTML, JavaScript and CSS. Individual language-specific versions of Visual Studio also exist which provide more limited language services to the user: Microsoft Visual Basic, Visual J#, Visual C#, and Visual C++.

Eclipse integrated development environment (IDE) contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Perl, PHP, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. It can also be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for Java and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

Komodo Edit(Komodo IDE)is a free text editor for dynamic programming languages. It was introduced in January 2007 to complement Active State's commercial Komodo IDE product. With the release of version 4.3, Komodo Edit is built on top of the Open Komodo project. Many of Komodo's features are derived from an embedded Python interpreter. Open Komodo uses the Mozilla code base, along with Scintilla, and the two products share many features and support the same languages (including Python, Perl, PHP, Ruby, Tcl, SQL, Smarty, CSS, HTML and XML) and computer platforms (Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows). Komodo IDE has features found in an IDE, such as integrated debugger support, DOM viewer, interactive shells, and source code control integration, as well as the ability to select the engine used to run regular expressions, in order to ensure compatibility with the final deployment target. The commercial version also adds code browsing, a database explorer, collaboration, support for many popular source code control systems, and more. Independent implementations of some of these features, such as the database editor, git support, and remote FTP file access, are available in the free version through the plugin system.

IntelliJ IDEA is a Java IDE by JetBrains, available as an Apache 2 Licensed community edition and commercial edition. It is often simply referred to as "IDEA" or "IntelliJ".[1] In a report by Infoworld in 2010, IntelliJ got the highest test center score out of the 4 Top Java Programming Tools : Eclipse, "IntelliJ IDEA", NetBeans, and Oracle JDeveloper. Supported languages are:Java, JavaFX, JavaScript, CoffeeScript, HTML/XHTML/CSS, XML/XSL, ActionScript/MXML, Python, Ruby/JRuby, Groovy, SQL, via separate plugin: PHP, Scala, Clojure, Dart, Haxe, Kotlin, TypoScript, Jelastic. Supported technologies and frameworks are: JSP, JSF, EJB, Ajax, Google Web Toolkit, Struts, Struts 2, JBoss Seam, Spring, Hibernate/JPA, Web Services, Ruby on Rails, Grails (framework), Java ME MIDP/CLDC, OSGi, Android, Tapestry, Google App Engine, FreeMarker, Velocity, Django, Play.Supported application servers are: GlassFish, JBoss, Tomcat, Jetty, WebLogic, WebSphere, Geronimo. Supported software versioning and revision control systems are: Git, CVS, Apache Subversion, Apache Ant, Apache Maven, JUnit and TestNG. A free plugin also exists for the Atlassian IntelliJ Connector integrating JIRA, Bamboo, Crucible, and FishEye.

JDeveloper is a freeware IDE supplied by Oracle Corporation. It offers features for development in Java, XML, SQL and PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, BPEL and PHP. JDeveloper covers the full development lifecycle from design through coding, debugging, optimization and profiling to deploying. Oracle JDeveloper integrates with the Oracle Application Development Framework (Oracle ADF) - an end-to-end Java EE-based framework that further simplifies application development.