Problem 11. Programming Languages
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. 
How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?
Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.

C# is among the most popular programming languages, which is object-oriented , modern and extremely powerful. It is developed by Microsoft as part of its .NET Framework platform. Combining principles from C and C++, C# is a general-purpose language. It is used for office applications, web applications, websites, desktop applications, mobile applications, games and many others. 

Java is a open-source programming language developed by Sun Microsystems in the 1990s,  concurrent of C# and part of Java Virtual Machine platform. It is one of the most popular programming languages, which is object-oriented and class-based. Java is one of the most in-demand programming languages, a standard for enterprise software, web-based content, games and mobile apps, as well as the Android operating system. Java is designed to work across multiple software platforms (meaning a program written on Mac OS X, for example, could also run on Windows).

C is a high level, general-purpose, powerful, imperative programming language developed by Dennis Ritchie in At & T labs in the early '70s. C is the oldest and most widely used language, foundation of many popular programming language such as C++, C#, Java, JavaScript and Python. C is mostly used for implementing operating systems, hardware drivers and embedded applications (for close work with the hardware).

C++ is an intermediate-level programming language, which comprises both high-level and low-level language features with object-oriented features and other enhancements to the C programming language (C++ was initially known as "C with Classes"). C++ is very powerful, general-purpose language, used to developing systems software, application software, high-performance server and client applications, device drivers, embedded software and entertainment software such as video games. (It is used for creating applications when close work with hardware needed, for special computer performance for 3D games and other.) C++ powers major software like Firefox, Winamp and Adobe programs.

PHP is a widely used general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited for Web development and supports Object oriented paradigm as well. It can be directly embedded into an HTML source document rather than an external file, which has made it a popular programming language for web developers. PHP is a free, scripting language designed for dynamic websites and app development. PHP powers more than 200 million websites, including Wordpress, Digg and Facebook. 
